PR: use attributes to address the missing article in the RHEL web console term (#3071)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-an-imagebuilder-image-for-provisioning.adoc

[id="Using_an_Image_Builder_Image_for_Provisioning_{context}"]
= Using a {LoraxCompose} image for provisioning

> In {Project}, you can enable integration with {CockpitL} to perform actions and monitor your hosts.

Author: ```suggestion
In {Project}, you can enable integration with {the-Cockpit} to perform actions and monitor your hosts.
```

> Using {CockpitL}, you can access {LoraxCompose} and build images that you can then upload to an HTTP server and use this image to provision hosts.

Author: ```suggestion
Using {the-Cockpit}, you can access {LoraxCompose} and build images that you can then upload to an HTTP server and use this image to provision hosts.
```

When you configure {Project} for image provisioning, Anaconda installer partitions disks, downloads and mounts the image and copies files over to a host.
The preferred image type is TAR.

Ensure that your blueprint to build the TAR image includes a kernel package.

ifndef::foreman-deb[]

> For more information about integrating {CockpitL} with {Project}, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Host_Management_and_Monitoring_Using_Cockpit_managing-hosts[Host Management and Monitoring Using {CockpitA}] in _{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about integrating {CockpitL} with {Project}, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Host_Management_and_Monitoring_Using_Cockpit_managing-hosts[Host management and monitoring using {CockpitL}] in _{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_.
```

> For more information about integrating {CockpitL} with {Project}, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Host_Management_and_Monitoring_Using_Cockpit_managing-hosts[Host Management and Monitoring Using {CockpitA}] in _{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about integrating {the-Cockpit} with {Project}, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Host_Management_and_Monitoring_Using_Cockpit_managing-hosts[Host management and monitoring using {the-Cockpit}] in _{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_.
```
